PT Indexim Coalindo Crash Reporting Privacy Policy

What information do we collect?
We collect information from you when you send us an error report from PT Indexim Coalindo.

The information may include:

   -Crash description XML file (crashrpt.xml) containing the basic information about the crash
    including PT Indexim Coalindo version identifier, resource usage parameters, your Windows version,
    your country and language.

   -You may enter your e-mail address and short problem description.  This is optional.
    If present, this information is also included into the crash description XML file.

   -Crash minidump file (crashdump.dmp) which contains technical information about exceptions
    in PT Indexim Coalindo ( e.g. processor information, operating system version, process and thread information,
    stack traces for each thread, the list of loaded modules).

   -Desktop screenshot image file in PNG format containing the image of PT Indexim Coalindo's main window.
   -Logfiles, e.g. PT Indexim Coalindo.log
   -Configuration files, e.g. PT Indexim Coalindo.ini
   -NMEA input logs

What do we use your information for?
Any of the information we collect from you may be used in the following ways:

    To improve PT Indexim Coalindo.
    We continually strive to improve PT Indexim Coalindo based on the information and feedback we receive from you.

Do we disclose any information to outside parties?
We do not sell, trade, or otherwise transfer to outside parties your personally identifiable information.

California Online Privacy Protection Act Compliance
Because we value your privacy we have taken the necessary precautions to be in compliance with the California
Online Privacy Protection Act. We therefore will not distribute your personal information to outside parties
without your consent.

Your Consent
By sending the error report, you consent to our privacy policy.

Changes to our Privacy Policy
If we decide to change our privacy policy, we will post those changes on this page.

Contacting Us
If there are any questions regarding this privacy policy you may contact us using the information below.

PT Indexim Coalindo Main discussion forum:
http://www.cruisersforum.com/forums/f134/
